first of all it's actually disable
cstate support Intel speed shift and AMD
cool and quiet these all power savings
modes basically slowing down your PC by
so much so therefore let's turn them off
what you got to do in the first place
guys is go into your bios and for that
you just need to restart your PC and
then it always says on the bottom of
your screen press F12 or something like
that to get into the BIOS it's always a
little bit different depending on from
which brand your motherboard actually is
now I'm going to show you in your bios
directly how you can disable two of the
most important Powers having modes which
are slowing down your PC performance and
all of that and the first one which
we're going to do guys is C State
support once you're in your bios you're
going to make sure that you actually go
under advanced mode guys that is super
important other than that you won't find
it you cannot be on the easy mode
because there it's like the normal menu
and Advance is like of course where like
all these small settings out and once
you're in here guys what you want to
look for is Advanced CPU settings this
is going to be called maybe a little bit
different on your buyers depending which
manufacturer you have for me it's
gigabyte because once we actually go
into this you can see we have so many
more options guys and the first one
which we want to find actually is C
States it should be called exactly C
states that we got it already here on
the bottom it's the same for Intel and
AMD it's going to be called something
like C States control or support or
something like that you actually want to
make sure to put this one on disabled
you're asking yourself why well it's a
power savings mode which basically
enables if your CPU is in idle which
means when you maybe don't do as heavy
demanding actions on your PC it's going
to actually slow it down and this causes
wake up latency because when you then
launch a game and stuff like that it
needs to go again up to its full
potential so so therefore we want to
make it more active which is going to
give us less latency so therefore you
want to actually disable the C State
control on your CPU then we're going to
go all the way up here again until we
can find Intel speed shift or AMD cool
and quiet guys it's either one of these
here there we got it here on the top
already Intel Speed Shift technology and
this one you also want to make sure to
disabl as mentioned on MD it's called
cool and quiet you can find it directly
in the same menu as well under your CPU
settings they both do exactly the same
thing Speed Shift technology basically
gives you a dynamic change for
performance which means again that if
your CPU is maybe not as needed as of
right now it's going to clock it down a
little bit and once you then do more
demanding tasks it's going to go up
again these are as mentioned both power
savings modes which you want to disable
for your PC performance and for gaming
and all of that so therefore we're going
to disable this for more consistent
performance make sure that it's selected
you're disabled click under okay and
then all you got to do is click here
real quick under save and exit and then
you can see safe and exit setup and
you're back in your normal windows so
let too world one of the most important
tweaks a lot of people are actually
missing out which is setting up the
right XMP profile what I want to say
with this is that a lot of people
actually don't get the r speeds they're
actually paying for especially if you
built your PC yourself and you didn't
really like check any of the bio
settings or if you maybe got a pre-built
chances are that your RAM is actually
not running at the highest speed you're
missing out on important cast latency
bandwith speed for video editing and all
of that for me as an example when I
built my PC my Ram was running only at
6,000 MHz but actually it could go up
all the way to 7,200 so therefore let me
show you how to do this first of all
what you got to do is actually restart
your PC and get into the BIOS once we in
the Bios itself this is most likely how
it's going to look like for you and I'm
going to show you now in the first place
we actually need to go from easy mode to
advanced mode once you're in here guys
you're going to make sure that you go
under tweaker as mentioned I can only
showcase this red you have for gigabyte
but it should look somehow similar for
you because most of the biases actually
have like a tweaker or like a tweaking
or advanced mode section so therefore
you're going to find it other than that
you have to Google it maybe a little bit
but once we're in here now guys we want
to make sure that we find ddr5 XMP
booster or anything which says XMP
profile that is super important this is
what we're looking for so therefore once
we click onto it you can now see we have
a bunch of data here on the right side
as well right you can see that my module
is from Corsair basically the main
company who produced this is HX which is
a Korean company if I remember this
right um You can see all the frequencies
and all of that you can see the voltage
we can see my frequency at the moment
7,200 and basically once you click onto
this you got a bunch of presets I'm
going to show you it's going to look a
little bit confusing so that don't be
worried you're going to have a bunch of
numbers but let me explain this you're
going to understand this literally in 1
minute we can see already that my
producer company is called HX right for
my Ram so therefore all the other ones
Micron Samsung whatever is here in this
list this is a very long list they don't
matter we're just going to look for
highx the next upep I know that my Ram's
maximum speed is 7,200 MHz so therefore
I'm going to look at these 7,200 ones
you can see oh there's one as well I at
the moment run 48 gigs of RAM but this
is only showcasing for one single Ram so
therefore what what is half of 48 of
course 24 so I already know okay 7,200
with 16 gigs falls apart that's not what
we care about mine is going to be 24 so
if you're running 64 gigs of RAM you're
going to look for 32 you guys get it
half of the ram which you currently have
then you have the cast latency which for
me is 36 46 46 and yeah on and on anti
voltage which this XMP profile at the
moment uses so therefore all you got to
care about is that you get the maximum
mehz that you get exactly half of your
RAM speed and the matching cast latency
which you can buy I also find out if you
just simply Google it but as mentioned
this is exactly the XMP profile which I
need so therefore I'm going to make sure
that I select this one here of course
which I already did and then you can see
the right XMP profile is already enabled
and you don't really have to do much
more besides this then all you got to do
is save and exit save and exit setup and
you're already good to go and of course
guys the most important part is as well
your ping this is why you see FNS
winners like Maro Asian jef and many
more Pros use GE up booster the best
part is with my link in description you
can actually try it out for absolutely
free guys J booster is going to look for
the best DNS server in your near always
making sure that you have the lowest and
most stable ping even if you already
have really good ping guys it's still
worth it because it's going to make it
way more consistent the jet booster is
going to actively in the background
search for the best DNS servers always
making sure that you have the best
connection to fortnite as mentioned
check it out for absolutely free with
the link in the description guys and
what we're going to need for this step
guys is the Nvidia profile inspector
which you can by the way get from the
link in the video description guys the
latest version
2.44 just simp click on the Nvidia
profile inspector and it's going to get
you the zip file the next up we're going
to double click click on yes and launch
the tool itself and you can see we have
a bunch of more options in here than
actually even in the official Nvidia
tool or the Nvidia control panel and
that's why you're going to use this now
you could theoretically apply this for a
global profile but I would rather
recommend you to do this for fortnite
specifically so therefore search up
fortnite so that it even says here in
green now fortnite Clan Windows 604
shipping exit and it's completely green
first of all make sure that you find
yourself all the g-sync options and make
sure that all of them are completely
turned off just like for me off
disallowed forced off and then off then
for your maximum pre-rendered frames
guys this one actually can give you so
much less input delay if you use it on
one now the downside to this is it's a
lot more Hardware demanding so therefore
depending on how strong your PC is you
might actually utilize one or then use
3D application settings if you're on a
weaker PC for me personally since I'm on
a stronger build I actually appreciate
having a lot less input delay even
though with reducing my FPS by a tiny
bit so therefore you get to try this out
yourself preferred refresh rate of
course on the highest available guys
then vertical syn you want to act
completely turn off guys this is what I
did here as well for smooth AFR Behavior
this one also completely turn it off
then you have FXAA enable this one you
want to put to off then also the
preferred by Nvidia option you're going
to put to the sell out the next up
antalizing transparency multi sampling
you're going to put on disabled and the
same with transparency super sampling on
off/ Multi sampling anzing msaa mode
you're going to put the application
controlled because this here you always
want to set up directly in fortnite an
anti straic filter optimization you want
to put on on and filter sample
optimization as as well on on these
modes are basically going to make sure
the textures appear even lower quality
guys so therefore you want to utilize
these then of course texture photo and
quality you want to actually put all the
way up to high performance and tril Ina
optimization you're going to put to on
as well and all you got to do is apply
changes really quick and now you already
get the best settings the next up what
we're going to do is use both of these
tools here which I basically wrote
completely myself which are going to
help you to disable most of the
unnecessarily Windows services from your
PC especially something like Windows
search nowadays works a lot more with
soda set AI they give you like all these
internet recommendations and all of that
straight up which is pretty Hardware
demanding out of all these Services
Window search is definitely the most
Hardware demanding one but of course you
got to keep in mind your search results
might be a lot worse now out of this but
I'm not going to lie I don't really care
about this for me I have this turned off
and it even says like a small
description on the right side this is
how I made this tool and as well here
can disable as well your tablet input
Services which is like a touch keyboard
and handwriting panel like you can see a
bunch of stuff which you really don't
need so therefore all you got to do guys
is press one here on this and you can
see now everything is been now success
successfully actually applied and the
coolest part about this tool is that you
even have a revert button to default
settings so therefore if you want to
revert it you can just simply type in
there too and you're good to go I just
want to say that all of these tools here
are completely open source I made them
completely myself you can see everything
which is in here and you basically
watching this YouTube video is my
payment I would say just making sure
that you guys can see like obviously
there's nothing in there and then also
something like the Clean Cash tool which
is going to help you to clean up
temporary files in the first place then
you can do something like memory dump
files which you can also clean mine are
already empty and windows delery
optimization files we can also clean
with this one here should also only be
taking a couple of seconds and even D ex
Shader cach which is super important to
clean once in a while so therefore guys
you get everything in this tool you can
even clear specific browser cach for
Google Chrome Milla Firefox Oprah GX and
brave I really cooked with this tool
guys and as mentioned yeah basically my
payment for this is that you guys are
watching this uh by the way the main
reason why I actually put this into a
bad file and not actually into a PS1 X
it is because it would give me a false
report and I'm going to post it onto my
official Discord g/l stries 130,000 Plus
members guys you can also search it up
here on the right side and find it as
well and I'm going to upload it after
this video next up guys we're going to
need a tool which is going to be called
process hacker this one is going to
Showcase you exactly how much CPU power
ram and all of that all these
applications and tools on your PC are
actually taking it's way more described
than in the test maner so therefore I
highly recommend you this one you can
find the link to it as well in the video
description and once you basically get
it what I want you to do is basically
check out which of your applications
actually take a lot of your CPU power
because fortnite is mostly CPU Bound for
me you can see right now my OBS actually
takes almost half a percenta then you
can see something like steam taking
quite a lot and just a whole bunch of
services something here as well like my
um Epoch cam which is basically for my
face cam so therefore what you could
theoretically do is go through this list
here real quick make sure to see like oh
yeah my steam is taking like 315 mbits
of ram also if you're like struggling
with ram this is like a great tool to
just like overse like okay yeah what do
I need to actually like turn off in
order to game properly once we're done
with that we're going to to utilize the
MSI mode utility V3 which you can also
find by the way in the video description
guys and the coolest part about this is
that we can actually swap over to the
MSI mode which is basically a faster
communication mode between your CPU and
your GPU ensuring lower system latency
all you guys got to make sure is that
you find your GPU here on the left side
and then under supported modes it should
say MSI if you have a GPU from like the
last decade I would say it's definitely
going to support this and all you got to
do is put the small check here under the
left side under MSI then under interrupt
priority you can either choose normal or
high there's people on both sides
commenting that one of these is better
for me personally I've set it always to
high and it worked really really good I
have basically zero input delay when it
comes down to fortnite and then all you
got to do is click and apply and you're
good to go and you can already delete
the tool since it's only a onetime
application tweak next up guys what's
also pretty important is having the
right power plant for me I use the
custom one the atlas OS one but for most
of you out there if you're on a low to
mid-end PC you got to utilize high
performance this one is going to work
the best for you if you're on a stronger
PC definitely utilize the ultimative
performance one that way you can ensure
that your CPU is actually being fully
utilized for fortnite and if it's not
available for you all you got to do is
search up the CMD in your windows search
run it as administrator and in this
window you're going to post in the
following code which is going to be in
the video description and then
afterwards it should be unlocked here in
your power options menu make sure that
it's applied fully guys and then you can
close this and we got to go with the
step and of course guys the easiest way
to boost your FPS in fortnite as well is
to work around with your 3D resolution
for me personally I would say anything
until 40% is still totally playable if I
was playing on my low-end laptop with
like integrated VGA 7 Graphics I usually
put it to 70% 3D rest and of course this
is the best way to boost your FPS
because the game is going to render a
lot easier and you can see it still
looks pretty decent in my opinion of
course another method would also be
applying a stretch resolution and
luckily for you I just made a video
recently about the top five best stretch
resolutions where I also cover ones for
low end and mid-end PCs so therefore
make sure to check that one out
afterwards as well